{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green86\blue1;\red249\green249\blue249;\red199\green206\blue212;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth17560\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf4 \clpadt60 \clpadl60 \clpadb60 \clpadr60 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf2 The boot: prompt waits for you to type advanced startup options. \
If you don't type anything, the computer continues starting up normally. It \
uses the kernel and configuration files on the startup device, which it also \
uses as the root device. \
\
Advanced startup options use the following syntax: \
\
\'a0 \'a0 [device]<kernel> [arguments] \
\
Example arguments include \
\
\'a0device: rd=<BSD device name>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(e.g. rd=disk0s2) \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0rd=*<IODeviceTree path>\'a0 \'a0 (e.g. rd=*/PCI0@0/CHN0@0/@0:1) \
\
\'a0kernel: kernel name\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (e.g. "mach_kernel" - must be in "/" ) \
\
\'a0flags: -v (verbose)\'a0 \'a0 -s (single user mode), \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 -x (safe mode)\'a0 -F (ignore boot configuration file) \
\
\'a0"Graphics Mode"="WIDTHxHEIGHTxDEPTH" (e.g. "1024x768x32") \
\
\'a0kernel flags\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(e.g. debug=0x144) \
\'a0io=0xffffffff\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (defined in IOKit/IOKitDebug.h) \
\
Example: mach_kernel rd=disk0s1 -v "Graphics Mode"="1920x1200x32" \
\
If the computer won't start up properly, you may be able to start it up using \
safe mode.\'a0 Type -x to start up in safe mode, which ignores all cached \
driver files. \
\
Special booter hotkeys: \
\'a0 F5\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Rescans optical drive. \
\'a0 F10\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Scans and displays all BIOS accessible drives. \
\'a0 \
Special booter commands: \
\'a0 ?memory\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Displays information about the computer's memory. \
\'a0 ?video\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Displays VESA video modes supported by the computer's BIOS. \
\'a0 ?norescan\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Leaves optical drive rescan mode. \
\
Additional useful command-line options: \
\'a0 config=<file>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Use an alternate Boot.plist file. \
\
Options useful in the com.apple.Boot.plist file: \
\'a0 Wait=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Prompt for a key press before starting the kernel. \
\'a0 "Quiet Boot"=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Use quiet boot mode (no messages or prompt). \
\'a0 Timeout=8\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Number of seconds to pause at the boot: prompt. \
\'a0 "Instant Menu"=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Force displaying the partition selection menu. \
\
\'a0 "Default Partition"\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Sets the default boot partition, \
\'a0 \'a0 =hd(x,y)\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 where 'x' is the disk number, 'y' the partition number. \
\
\'a0 GUI=No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Disable the GUI (enabled by default). \
\'a0 "Boot Banner"=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Show boot banner in GUI mode (enabled by default). \
\'a0 "Legacy Logo"=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Use the legacy grey apple logo (disabled by default). \
\'a0 \
\'a0 GraphicsEnabler=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 Automatic device-properties generation for graphics cards. \
\'a0 VideoROM=<file>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Use an alternate ROM image (default path: /NVIDIA.ROM). \
\'a0 VBIOS=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Inject VBIOS to device-properties. \
\
\'a0 EthernetBuiltIn=Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 Automatic "built-in"=yes device-properties generation \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 for ethernet interfaces. \
\
\'a0 USBBusFix=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Enable the EHCI and UHCI fixes (disabled by default). \
\'a0 EHCIacquire=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Enable the EHCI fix (disabled by default). \
\'a0 UHCIreset=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Enable the UHCI fix (disabled by default). \
\
\'a0 Wake=No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Disable wake up after hibernation (enbaled by default). \
\'a0 ForceWake=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Force using the sleepimage (disabled by default). \
\'a0 WakeImage=<file>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Use an alternate sleepimage file \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (default path is /private/var/vm/sleepimage). \
\
\'a0 DropSSDT=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Skip the SSDT tables while relocating the ACPI tables. \
\'a0 DSDT=<file>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Use an alternate DSDT.aml file \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (default path: /DSDT.aml /Extra/DSDT.aml) \
\
\'a0 SMBIOS=<file>\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Use an alternate smbios.plist file \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (default path: /smbios.plist /Extra/smbios.plist \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0bt(0,0)/Extra/smbios.plist). \
\
\'a0 SMBIOSdefaults=No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Don't use the Default values for SMBIOS overriding \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 if smbios.plist doesn't exist, factory \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 values are kept. \
\
\'a0 "Scan Single Drive"\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Scan the drive only where the booter got loaded from. \
\'a0 \'a0 =Yes|No\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Fix rescan issues when using a DVD reader in AHCI mode. \
\'a0 Rescan=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Enable CD-ROM rescan mode. \
\'a0 "Rescan Prompt"=Yes\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Prompts for enable CD-ROM rescan mode. \cell \lastrow\row
}